hey guys check this out i am in the
Polynesian culture center on the island
of Tahiti and we are over here fishing
and they've got cool little fishing
hooks that they make out of paper clips
but they ran a paper book so we're
trying to jury-rig our own using a soda
tab now i don't know if this is gonna
work or not but i think it might
we're using little bits of bread dough
and we put the bread dough on this
little hook that I made we might be able
to catch ourselves and let's see if it
works
I just used some snips to cut a really
sharp . there and taking some of this
bread dough going to loop that over make
it kind of looks like a little bit of a
worm shape and I had some fishing line
there we're just gonna dip it in the
water and shipping catching oh my gosh
on the first
oh hell was that on the first try i
broke my soda tab i was trying to bend
the hook out and I snapped it off and
I've been all around the park searching
all the garbage cans here they do not
sell soda cans everybody's got water
bottles and soda bottle i only found
this one tab from a fruit cup so I think
we're gonna be able to make it work it a
little wider as well as going to cut
this thing up in CB
[Music]
now I wrap this up on my wrist is to
keep it from tangling and tied it to my
fingers now we have to do is take our
little bug control in the water like
that
whoa check it out your work work work
he's not a very big fish we got a fish
on the last look at that
yeah you did there we go nothing out
that's got a pretty little girl here we
go look
hold on hold on hold on hold on guys got
a bitch
[Music]
wow he's fast that's awesome
my little son actually caught a pretty
big fish using a paper clip and just a
little bit of bread dough so that will
work you hold it from underneath that's
amazing
that is beautiful buddy alright thrown
back now honestly in our experience
using paper clip seem to work a lot
better we're a lot more consistent cut a
lot more fish using paper clips but soda
tabs will work in a fence we go there
you go
so apparently you can use a soda tab and
a little bit of bread dough and catch
fish
it's a lot easier than I expected was
going to be really cool trick I learned
here in the island of Tahiti at the
polynesian cultural center
thanks so much for joining me for this
video guys we'll see you next one doctor
then it's not delicious
hey we should go find captain open this